% Options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode}{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[
]{article}
\usepackage{amsmath,amssymb}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provide euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xetex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
% Use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{xcolor}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\IfFileExists{bookmark.sty}{\usepackage{bookmark}}{\usepackage{hyperref}}
\hypersetup{
  hidelinks,
  pdfcreator={LaTeX via pandoc}}
\urlstyle{same} % disable monospaced font for URLs
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
% Set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{-\maxdimen} % remove section numbering
\usepackage{setspace}
\usepackage{fontspec}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{multicol}
\usepackage{colortbl}
\usepackage{hhline}
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\ifluatex
  \usepackage{selnolig}  % disable illegal ligatures
\fi
\usepackage[]{natbib}
\bibliographystyle{plainnat}

\author{}
\date{\vspace{-2.5em}}

\begin{document}

\pagenumbering{arabic}

\hypertarget{the-use-of-stereo-video-monitoring-and-physiological-trials-to-estimate-metabolic-demands-of-reef-fishes-in-the-wild}{%
\section{The use of stereo-video monitoring and physiological trials to
estimate metabolic demands of reef fishes in the
wild}\label{the-use-of-stereo-video-monitoring-and-physiological-trials-to-estimate-metabolic-demands-of-reef-fishes-in-the-wild}}

\noindent Nina M. D. Schiettekatte\textsuperscript{1,2*}, Francesca
Conte\textsuperscript{1,2*}, Beverly French\textsuperscript{3}, Simon J.
Brandl\textsuperscript{1,2,4}, Christopher J. Fulton\textsuperscript{5},
Alexandre Mercière\textsuperscript{1,2}, Tommy Norin\textsuperscript{6},
Sébastien Villéger\textsuperscript{7}, Valeriano
Parravicini\textsuperscript{1,2}

\singlespace \fontsize{10}{12}\selectfont

\noindent \textsuperscript{1} PSL Université Paris: EPHE-UPVD-CNRS, USR
3278 CRIOBE, Université de Perpignan, 66860 Perpignan, France

\noindent \textsuperscript{2} Laboratoire d'Excellence ``CORAIL,''
Perpignan, France

\noindent \textsuperscript{3} Center for Marine Biodiversity and
Conservation, Scripps Institution of Oceanography, University of
California, San Diego, CA, USA

\noindent \textsuperscript{4} CESAB-FRB, 5 Rue de l'Ecole de Médecine,
3400 Montpellier, France

\noindent \textsuperscript{5} Research School of Biology, The Australian
National University, Canberra, ACT, Australia

\noindent \textsuperscript{6} DTU Aqua: National Institute of Aquatic
Resources, Technical University of Denmark, 2800 Kgs. Lyngby, Denmark

\noindent \textsuperscript{7} MARBEC, Université de Montpellier, CNRS,
IFREMER, IRD, 34 095 Montpellier, France

\doublespace \fontsize{12}{14}\selectfont
\setlength{\parindent}{15pt}

\noindent * These authors contributed equally

\noindent \textbf{Correspondence to:} N.M.D.S.; Email:
\href{mailto:nina.schiettekatte@gmail.com}{\nolinkurl{nina.schiettekatte@gmail.com}}

\hypertarget{abstract}{%
\subsection{Abstract}\label{abstract}}

Organismal metabolic rates are the basis of energy and nutrient fluxes
through ecosystems. In the marine realm, fishes are the most prominent
consumer species. However, their metabolic demand in the wild (field
metabolic rate, FMR) is poorly documented, because it is very
challenging to measure directly. Here, we introduce a novel approach to
estimating the component of FMR associated with voluntary activity in
nature (i.e., the field active metabolic rate, \(AMR_{field}\)). We do
this by combining laboratory-based respirometry and field-based
stereo-video systems to estimate the activity of individuals. We
exemplify our approach by focusing on seven coral reef fish species, for
which we quantified standard and maximum metabolic rates (SMR and MMR,
respectively) in the laboratory, and body sizes and swimming speeds in
the field. Based on the relationships between metabolic rate, body size,
and swimming speeds, we show that the activity scope (i.e., the ratio
between \(AMR_{field}\) and SMR) varies from 1.2 to 3.2 across species
and body sizes. Furthermore, we demonstrate that the scaling exponent
for \(AMR_{field}\) varies across species and can substantially exceed
the widely assumed value of 0.75 for standard metabolic rates. Finally,
by scaling organismal \(AMR_{field}\) estimates to the assemblage level,
we show the potential effect of this variability on community metabolic
demand. As a non-destructive, widely applicable technique, our approach
can improve our ability to estimate elemental fluxes mediated by a
critically important group of aquatic animals.

\hypertarget{keywords}{%
\subsection{Keywords}\label{keywords}}

fish, swimming speed, field metabolic rate, activity, activity scope,
metabolic scaling, metabolism

\hypertarget{introduction}{%
\subsection{Introduction}\label{introduction}}

Anthropogenic stressors, such as climate change, over-harvesting, and
pollution, are affecting biological communities at an unprecedented rate
\citep{Halpern2008, Venter2016}. Scientists and policy-makers are
becoming increasingly concerned that these community impacts will
irreversibly alter key ecosystem functions, preventing these natural
systems from maintaining indispensable services to humans
\citep{Cardinale2012}. In this context, tools to quantify and monitor
ecosystem processes are valuable \citep{Tilman2014}. However, while
there is a long-standing tradition in measuring ecological processes in
mesocosms and controlled \emph{in situ} experiments, the assessment of
rates of ecological processes in natural conditions is still in its
infancy \citep{Reich2012}, especially for marine ecosystems
\citep{Brandl2019front}.

\par

In coastal marine ecosystems, fishes represent one of the most
thoroughly studied, ecologically important, and economically valuable
group of consumers \citep{Bozec2004, Tamayo2018}. Despite the complexity
of measuring the contribution of mobile species to ecosystem fluxes
\citep{Wilson2010}, several attempts have been made to quantify
contributions of fishes to nutrient and carbon cycling
\citep{Villeger2017, Brandl2019front}. These functions are usually
quantified at the individual level, that can then be scaled up to
community levels through an additive framework
\citep{Barneche2014, Allgeier2014, Brandl2019science, Morais2019}. While
there are inherent limitations to this approach, individual-based
modeling currently represents our best means to quantify ecological
processes across communities of mobile, aquatic organisms. Nevertheless,
the accuracy of these approaches inevitably depends on our capacity to
precisely estimate physiological requirements and expenditures of
individuals in their natural environment.

\par

The metabolic rate of living organisms is an essential determinant of
their physiological requirements and therefore represents a crucial
parameter to estimate the flow of energy and nutrients in any ecosystem
\citep{Brown2004, Allen2005}. Theory predicts that individual metabolic
rate increases sub‐linearly with body mass according to a power function
with a scaling exponent of approximately 0.75
\citep{West1997, Gillooly2001, Brown2004}. This value has been widely
accepted and appears to hold roughly true for standard metabolic rates
of marine fishes \citep{Barneche2014}. Therefore, this metabolic scaling
exponent has been used to estimate community-level metabolic rates as
well \citep[e.g.,][]{Deutsch2015, Holt2015, Cheung2013}. However, the
verification of this scaling exponent is based on laboratory
experiments, and whether the metabolic scaling of fishes in the wild
follows this general rule remains to be explored.

\par

Metabolic rates of fishes are generally evaluated through two metrics:
i) standard metabolic rate (SMR) \citep{Fry1957, Vinberg1960}, which
corresponds to the metabolic rate of an inactive and fasting individual
\citep{Clark2013}; and ii) maximum metabolic rate (MMR), which
corresponds to the aerobic metabolic rate of an animal that is
exercising at full capacity \citep{Norin2016}. Knowledge of these two
metrics allows for the calculation of a fish's aerobic scope, which is
the difference between MMR and SMR and represents the capacity to
elevate metabolic rate above maintenance to support energetically
demanding tasks such as physical activity and digestion
\citep{Clark2013}. Within species, aerobic scope tends to increase with
body mass regardless of being expressed in absolute (MMR minus SMR) or
factorial (MMR divided by SMR) values \citep{Halsey2018}, as the scaling
exponent of MMR is often observed to be higher than that of SMR
\citep{Killen2007, Glazier2005}. Both SMR and MMR can be estimated
relatively accurately in the laboratory through measurements of oxygen
uptake rates \citep{Clark2013, Norin2016, Svendsen2016, Chabot2016}.
However, animals in the wild rarely reside at SMR or exercise maximally.
Thus, calculations of energy expenditures in wild fishes are hamstrung
by our inability to accurately estimate metabolic rates in fishes that
pursue their normal, daily activities in their natural environment.

The field metabolic rate (\(FMR\)) represents the average metabolic rate
of an individual in the wild \citep{Chung2019, Nagy2005} and lies
somewhere between SMR and MMR \citep{Nagy2005}. On average, free-living
fishes in their natural habitats will only exploit a given proportion of
their aerobic scope and, in non-sedentary fishes, physical activity will
be a major component of FMR \citep{Chung2019}. Thus, the factorial scope
for activity (FSA), which corresponds to the ratio between the component
of FMR related to physical activity (the field active metabolic rate,
\(AMR_{field}\)) and the SMR, is a better reflection of energy
expenditure in the wild \citep{Chung2019}, bearing in mind that internal
homeostatic processes such as digestion and reproduction also incur an
energetic cost as part of the full FMR. In terrestrial vertebrates,
where the doubly-labeled water technique has allowed for widespread
quantification of FMR \citep{Webster1989}, the metabolic scaling
exponent of FMR tends to be higher than that of SMR (\textasciitilde0.8;
\citet{Nagy2005}). While the metabolic scaling exponent of MMR in fishes
ranges approximate or exceed 0.8 as well, the scaling of FMR or
\(AMR_{field}\) remains poorly documented \citep{Norin2016}.
Understanding how metabolic rate scales with body mass in the wild is
fundamentally important for fisheries (e.g., stock assessments) and
predictions of the effects of climate change, as the metabolic scaling
exponent is an integral part of growth models used to forecast the size
of fishes at both current and future temperatures
\citep{Vonbertalanffy1957, Cheung2013, Deutsch2015, Marshall2019}.

Since FMR is challenging to measure for water-breathing animals in the
aquatic environment \citep{Treberg2016}, it has only been estimated for
a small number of fishes
\citep[e.g.,][]{Lucas2011, Murchie2011, Cruz-Font2016, Chung2019}. These
estimates are largely derived from biotelemetry approaches that rely on
accelerometry tags and heart rate measurements calibrated with rates of
oxygen uptake in the laboratory \citep{Treberg2016, Grans2009}. A major
limitation of biotelemetry is that their application is limited to large
individuals as it requires surgical attachment or implantation of tags
\citep{Grans2009}. More recently, FMR has been estimated from the
isotopic composition of carbon in fish otoliths \citep{Chung2019}.
However, this approach relies on destructive sampling and the generality
of the undoubtedly promising results are yet to be applied across a
broad range of species. Thus, non-invasive methods to estimate FMR on
many co-occurring fish species in the field are needed to better
understand the contributions of fishes to ecosystem functioning.

Here, we propose a new approach to estimate a major component of the
FMR, the \(AMR_{field}\). Specifically, we estimated SMR and MMR of
seven reef fish species using traditional respirometry techniques in the
laboratory, and then quantified \emph{in situ} swimming speeds of the
same species using underwater stereo-video systems. This permitted us to
derive \(AMR_{field}\) and the factorial scope for activity (FSA) on the
basis of the theoretical relationship between metabolic rate and
swimming speed, and to assess the mass-scaling exponents of
\(AMR_{field}\) for each species. By combining our results with
underwater visual census data of fish size and abundance on reefs around
Mo'orea, French Polynesia, we also quantified assemblage-level SMR and
\(AMR_{field}\). In doing so, we demonstrate the viability and
applicability of our approach to tackle questions across fields of
organismal, community, and ecosystem ecology in the marine biome.

\newpage

\hypertarget{methods}{%
\subsection{Methods}\label{methods}}

\hypertarget{summary}{%
\subsubsection{Summary}\label{summary}}

Our approach is based on the relationship between swimming speed and
metabolic rate \citep{Binning2013, Norin2016, Torres1983}. Specifically,
we rely on the notion that the standard metabolic rate (SMR) represents
the metabolic rate of an individual when its swimming speed is zero
(\(v_0\)), while the maximum metabolic rate (MMR) represents the oxygen
uptake rate of individuals at their maximum -- or critical -- swimming
speed (\(v_{max}\))(figure 1). Further, we assume that metabolic rates
vary predictably with swimming speed following a traditional power
function \citep{Brett1964, Korsmeyer2002}. Therefore, on the basis of
knowledge of SMR and MMR along with the \(v_0\) and \(v_{max}\) of
individuals, the active field active metabolic rate (\(AMR_{field}\)) of
a species can be estimated if the average swimming speed (\(v\)) of
individuals for a specific body size is known. We estimated SMR and MMR
using respirometry in the laboratory, obtained \(v_{max}\) through
empirical data available in the literature, and estimated \(v\) using
stereo-camera video recordings in the field. We then used these
estimates of \(AMR_{field}\) to quantify the factorial scope for
activity (FSA), and the metabolic scaling exponent for \(AMR_{field}\).
Finally, to evaluate the impact of assessing assemblage-level metabolic
rates on the basis of a realistic proxy of field metabolic rate,
\(AMR_{field}\) (instead of using the more commonly measured SMR as an
estimate of minimum energetic requirements), we scaled up our estimates
at assemblage level according to visual census data of fish sizes and
abundances on a coral reef in Mo'orea, French Polynesia.

\includegraphics{figures/figure1_v2.png}

Figure 1. Definition of terms used to describe aspects of fish
metabolism and their inter-relationships. SMR is standard metabolic rate
calculated as the oxygen uptake rate (\(\dot{M}O_{2}\) at swimming speed
0 (\(v_0\)). \(AMR_{field}\) is field active metabolic rate measured as
\(\dot{M}O_{2}\) at spontaneous swimming speed (\(v\)). FMR is field
metabolic rate including \(AMR_{field}\) and the energy needed for
digestion and reproduction. MMR is maximum metabolic rate, which can be
measured as the \(\dot{M}O_{2}\) at maximum (critical) swimming speed
(\(U_{crit}\)).

\hypertarget{model-species}{%
\subsubsection{Model species}\label{model-species}}

We focused on seven common reef fish species with varying body sizes and
shapes, trophic strategies, and behavioral patterns: \emph{Cephalopholis
argus} (family Serranidae), a large, fusiform, sedentary piscivore;
\emph{Chaetodon ornatissimus} (family Chaetodontidae), a small-bodied,
laterally compressed, obligate coral feeder; \emph{Chromis iomelas}
(family Pomacentridae), a small, schooling planktivore;
\emph{Ctenochaetus striatus} (family Acanthuridae), a medium-sized,
grazing detritivore; \emph{Naso lituratus} (family Acanthuridae), a
large-bodied, grazing herbivore feeding on macroalgae; \emph{Odonus
niger} (family Ballistidae), a large-bodied schooling planktivore; and
\emph{Zebrasoma scopas} (family Acanthuridae), a compressed,
small-bodied, grazing herbivore feeding on filamentous algae. All data
were collected in Mo'orea, French Polynesia, between March 2018 and
February 2019. For respirometry experiments, individuals were collected
in the lagoon (depth range 1-6m) next to Opunohu Bay (17.4928°S,
149.8555°W) with hand nets and clove oil.

\hypertarget{standard-and-maximum-metabolic-rate}{%
\subsubsection{Standard and maximum metabolic
rate}\label{standard-and-maximum-metabolic-rate}}

To quantify SMR and MMR, we conducted intermittent-closed respirometry
experiments \citep{Steffensen1989, Clark2013} at 28+-0.5 °C on a total
of 68 individuals across the seven study species with the sample size
per species ranging between four and 23 individuals. After an
acclimation and fasting period of 48 h in aquaria, the fish were
individually transferred to a water-filled tub at 28°C and sequentially
chased by the experimenter until visibly exhausted to elicit MMR
\citep{Norin2011, Clark2012}. Once the chasing was concluded, each
individual was immediately placed in a respirometry chamber submersed in
an ambient and temperature-controlled tank, where they were left for
approximately 24 h to reach SMR. The intermittent respirometry cycles
consisted of a measurement (closed) period followed by an open period
during which the respirometry chambers were flushed with fully aerated
water from the ambient tank. Based on previous work \citep{Norin2016},
we considered the oxygen uptake rate (\(\dot{M}O_{2}\) ) during the
first closed cycle (directly after transferring the fish) to be
reflective of the individual's MMR. Depending on fish size, respirometry
chambers ranged in volume (including tubes and pumps) from 0.38 to 4.4
L, and measurement and flush periods lasted between 2 to 9 min and 3 to
5 min, respectively. SMR was calculated as the average of the 10 \%
lowest \(\dot{M}O_{2}\) values measured during the entire respirometry
trial, after the removal of outliers, while MMR was calculated from the
slope of the first measurement period \citep{Chabot2016}.

\hypertarget{swimming-speed}{%
\subsubsection{Swimming speed}\label{swimming-speed}}

We used two underwater stereo-video systems that were placed on the
seafloor to record fish movements. Each video system consisted of two
small action cameras (GoPro Hero5 Black), mounted 90 cm from each other
at an angle of approximately 6°. This method allows three-dimensional
(3D) measurements \citep{Butail2012, Hughes1996}. To analyze the
recorded videos, we used VidSync, an open-source Mac application
providing accurate 3D measurements \citep{Neuswanger2016}, which allow
for the synchronization, calibration, and analysis of videos. We
recorded calibration videos to correct for the nonlinear optical
distortion of the images due to camera lenses and underwater housings,
and to define the 3D coordinate system (x, y, z) used throughout the
analyses. Errors in length measurements through video analysis increase
with distance from the cameras \citep{Neuswanger2016}. Thus, for each
underwater stereo-video system, we fitted a linear regression model
describing the error in measurements as a function of their distance
from the nearest camera, which we used to adjust all measurements of
distances and fish lengths (figure 1). We recorded twenty stationary
stereo-videos between November 19\textsuperscript{th} 2018 and December
12\textsuperscript{th} 2018. Videos were recorded at 12 to 14 m depth on
the reef slope at the Tiahura long-term monitoring site in Mo'orea (17°
29' 00.6" S, 149° 54' 20.9" W) and at five different time-periods:
5:00--7:00, 8:00--10:00, 11:00--13:00, 14:00--16:00, and 17:00--18:00.
Each recording lasted for \textasciitilde1-1.5 h. We then took
measurements during three 10 min sequences with intervals of 10 min that
excluded the first 2 min to account for the presence of divers. We took
measurements for all fishes visible in both cameras for 3 to 5 s during
the three 10 min sequences. For each individual, fork length was
measured three times from the videos as the straight-line distance
between the fish's head and its tail fork, and three to five consecutive
swimming speeds were measured as the distance the fish moved over 3 to 5
s. Final fish lengths and swimming speeds were then calculated as the
mean of the repeated measurements. In total, we recorded lengths and
speeds for 634 individuals, with sample sizes per species ranging
between 64 and 264 individuals.

\hypertarget{maximum-swimming-speed}{%
\subsubsection{Maximum swimming speed}\label{maximum-swimming-speed}}

We extracted maximum swimming speeds (\(U_{crit}\)) from previous work
\citep{Fulton2007}. \(U_{crit}\) is defined as the swimming speed at
which a fish becomes exhausted and stops swimming when it is exposed to
regular incremental changes in speed in an experimental flume
\citep{Brett1964}. In these experimental conditions, \(\dot{M}O_{2}\)
measured at \(U_{crit}\) corresponds to MMR \citep{Norin2016}. In the
original work of \citet{Fulton2007}, \(U_{crit}\) of 192 individuals of
five families and their corresponding lengths were measured, and these
measurements were then used in the present study to relate maximum
swimming speed with body size and aspect ratio of the tail, as a proxy
for variations in swimming ability. The aspect ratio of the tail of all
species were retrieved from Fishbase \citep{Froese2014}.

\hypertarget{data-analysis}{%
\subsubsection{Data analysis}\label{data-analysis}}

We quantified \(AMR_{field}\) and factorial scope for activity (FSA) by
combining multiple regression models, that describe the relationships
between SMR and MMR with body mass, swimming speed (\(v\)), and maximum
swimming speed \citep[\(v_{max}\); from][]{Fulton2007} with body size.
First, we used the respirometry data to fit a relationship between
either SMR or MMR and body mass using a Bayesian hierarchical model,
while accounting for the co-variation between MMR and SMR. We define the
\(log_{10}\) of SMR and MMR to be normally distributed with a mean
(\(\mu\)) and a standard deviation (\(\sigma\)) as follows:

\[{{\textrm{log}}_{10}{(\textrm{MR}_{i})}} \sim {\textrm{Normal}(\mu_{i}, \sigma)},\]
\[\mu_{i} = (a + a_{j,k}) + (b + b_{j,k}){\textrm{log}_{10}(\textrm{weight}_i)}, \]

where \(i\) is the individual, \(j\) is the species, \(k\) is the type
of metabolic rate (SMR or MMR), \(a\) is the global intercept of the
regression; \(a_{j,k}\) is the effect on the intercept for each species
and type of metabolic rate, \(b\) is the global slope of
\(log_{10}(weight)\), \(b_{j,k}\) is the effect on the slope for each
species and type of metabolic rate. We obtained the mean intercept and
slope per species by summing global- and species-level parameters. We
used an informative normal prior for the global slope exponent (i.e.,
metabolic scaling exponent) with average 0.75 and 0.1 as the standard
deviation \citep{West1997}. For all other parameters, we used weakly
informative priors \citep{Burkner2017}.

Second, using the data retrieved from the video analyses, we fitted a
hierarchical Bayesian regression model for estimating fish swimming
speed as a function of body length. We defined the \(log_{10}\)
transformation of swimming speed to be student-t distributed with
degrees of freedom (\(\nu\)), mean (\(\mu\)), and a standard deviation
(\(\sigma\)).The student's t-distribution was applied to build a robust
regression, as our data includes outliers \citep{Motulsky2006}.

\[\textrm{log}_{10}(\textrm{speed}_{i}) \sim \textrm{Student}(\nu, \mu_{i}, \sigma),\]
\[\mu_{i} = (a + a_{j}) + (b + b_{j})\textrm{log}_{10}(\textrm{length}_i),\]

where \(i\) is the individual, \(j\) is the species, \(a\) is the global
intercept of the regression, \(a_j\) is the effect on the intercept for
each species, \(b\) is the global slope , \(b_j\) is the effect on the
slope of for each species. For each species, regression exponents were
estimated by summing two effects of the model: the global parameter and
the species-specific effect on the global parameter.

Thirdly, we fitted a similar model to predict maximum swimming speed in
function of body length and aspect ratio using data extracted from
\citet{Fulton2007}, including random effects of the interaction between
family and body shape on the intercept and slope of body size.:

\[log_{10}(maxspeed_{i}) \sim Student(\nu, \mu_{i}, \sigma),\]
\[\mu_{i} = (a + a_{j}) + (b + b_{j})log_{10}(length_i) + AR,\]

where \(i\) ,\(j\) is the interaction of family and body shape, \(a\) is
the global intercept of the regression, \(a_j\) is the effect on the
intercept for each family and body shape, \(b\) is the global slope ,
\(b_j\) is the effect on the slope for each family and body shape, and
\(AR\) is the aspect ratio of the tail. Here, we also applied the
Student's t-distribution and used general uninformative priors. We then
used this model to estimate the maximum swimming speed of the species
included in our study. Aspect ratio's were extracted from Fishbase
\citep{Froese2014}.

\hypertarget{factorial-aerobic-scope-field-active-metabolic-rate-and-factorial-scope-for-activity-calculations}{%
\subsubsection{Factorial aerobic scope, field active metabolic rate, and
factorial scope for activity
calculations}\label{factorial-aerobic-scope-field-active-metabolic-rate-and-factorial-scope-for-activity-calculations}}

We predicted the factorial aerobic scope (FAS), field active metabolic
rate (\(AMR_{field}\)), and factorial scope for activity (FSA) for the
full size range of all model species (per cm). To estimate the fish's
FAS at each possible length, we first predicted their SMR and MMR by
calculating their weight using published length-weight relationship
accessed through FishBase \citep{Froese2014}, and making predictions
based on our model parameters. For each iteration of the prediction, FAS
was calculated as \(FAS = \frac{MMR}{SMR}\) \citep{Fry1947, Killen2016}.
Finally, we summarized the FAS for each species at all sizes by taking
means, standard deviations, and 95\% credible intervals.

FSA is obtained by dividing the fish's \(AMR_{field}\) (\(\dot{M}O_{2}\)
at average speed \(U\)) by their SMR. To describe the relationship
between \(\dot{M}O_{2}\) and swimming speed (\(U\)), Brett (1964)
\citep{Brett1964} used a traditional power function:
\(\dot{M}O_{2} = a10^{bU}\) . Here, we applied the
\(log_{10}\)-transformed form \citep{Korsmeyer2002}. Consequently, the
following equation was used in this study to determine individual
\(AMR_{field}\):
\[log(AMR_{field}) = log(SMR) + \frac{log(MMR) - log(SMR)}{U_{crit}} U,\]

where we consider the slope
\(b = \frac{log(MMR) - log(SMR)}{U_{crit}}\). Here, \(U\) is predicted
through our model relating length and swimming speed, \(U_{crit}\) is
predicted for each length and species using our model for family-level
maximum swimming speeds, and SMR and MMR is predicted as stated above.
To include an estimate of uncertainty, we included 1000 iterations of
estimates of the swimming speed \(U\). For \(U_{crit}\), SMR and MMR we
used the median of the predicted values in this step.

Once we determined \(AMR_{field}\), we calculated FSA with the following
equation: \[FSA = {\frac{12 AMR_{field} + 12 SMR}{24 SMR}}.\] We
repeated this for each iteration and then summarized FSA per species per
size. We assumed that fish rested for 12 h (i.e., sleeping)
\citep{Marshall1972}. As such, for all studied species we assumed that
they are active during the day and inactive during the night.

\hypertarget{assemblage-level-estimates}{%
\subsubsection{Assemblage-level
estimates}\label{assemblage-level-estimates}}

In 2016, reef fish communities were monitored across 13 sites on the
outer reef around Mo'orea using underwater visual censuses. During each
census, a single diver swam along a transect of 25 m and counted all
fishes within a width of 2 m. All fishes were identified to the species
level and their length was estimated to the nearest 1 cm. Each transect
covered an area of 50 m², except Tiahura and Haapiti, which covered an
area of 100 m² each. At each site, three transects were performed,
except for Tiahura and Haapiti where four and two transects were
performed respectively. We extracted data for our model species from
this database, which resulted in 802 individuals across the seven
species. Then, we quantified the SMR and \(AMR_{field}\) for each
individual using the above-mentioned methodology. Finally, we calculated
the total SMR and \(AMR_{field}\) of the fish assemblage composed of the
seven species at each site by summing across individual estimates.

\hypertarget{results}{%
\subsection{Results}\label{results}}

\hypertarget{standard-and-maximum-metabolic-rates}{%
\subsubsection{Standard and maximum metabolic
rates}\label{standard-and-maximum-metabolic-rates}}

\noindent The regression model predicting metabolic rates
(log\textsubscript{10} of SMR and MMR) as a function of
log\textsubscript{10} of body mass with varying slopes and intercepts
per species had a Bayesian R\textsuperscript{2} of 0.96 (Table 1; Figure
2). The average metabolic scaling exponent across species was 0.73 for
SMR and 0.78 for MMR (Table 1). The median species-specific scaling
exponents varied between 0.71 and 0.76 for SMR, and between 0.77 and
0.78 for MMR.

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}}

\caption{Overview of species-specific slope coefficients (scaling exponents) of the regression of $log_{10}$-transformed SMR and MMR on function of $log_{10}$-transformed body mass. The intercept for each species is expressed as the back-transformed value for an individual of 1g. Values in between brackets represent the 95\% CI.}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{species}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{SMR\ slope}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{SMR\ (mass\ =\ 1g)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{MMR\ slope}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{MMR\ (mass\ =\ 1g)}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-5}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{species}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{SMR\ slope}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{SMR\ (mass\ =\ 1g)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{MMR\ slope}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{MMR\ (mass\ =\ 1g)}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-5}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.68\ (0.57;0.77)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.0033\ (0.0019;0.0047)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.77\ (0.69;0.87)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.0124\ (0.0079;0.0178)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.7\ (0.6;0.78)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.0038\ (0.0029;0.0047)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.77\ (0.7;0.85)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.0091\ (0.0069;0.0117)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.76\ (0.68;0.83)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.0042\ (0.0031;0.0056)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.77\ (0.71;0.84)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.0103\ (0.0078;0.0137)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.73\ (0.57;0.89)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.0041\ (0.0029;0.0054)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.78\ (0.68;0.93)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.0146\ (0.01;0.0202)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.7\ (0.58;0.81)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.0028\ (0.0016;0.0042)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.77\ (0.68;0.85)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.0129\ (0.0081;0.018)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.7\ (0.64;0.76)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.0038\ (0.003;0.0046)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.77\ (0.72;0.83)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.008\ (0.0063;0.01)}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-5}



\end{longtable}
\newpage

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/home/nina/Documents/work/phd/activity/output/text/main_files/figure-latex/unnamed-chunk-1-1.pdf}
\caption{Figure 2. Linear regressions between
log\textsubscript{10}-transformed metabolic rate (g O\textsubscript{2}
d\textsuperscript{−1}) and weight (g) for the study species, predicted
by model 1. Symbols represent empirical measurements. Solid and dashed
lines represent predicted mean standard metabolic rate (SMR) and maximum
metabolic rate (MMR) values, respectively. Transparent areas are the
95\% credible intervals of the fitted values of the regression.}
\end{figure}

\newpage

\hypertarget{swimming-speed-1}{%
\subsubsection{Swimming speed}\label{swimming-speed-1}}

\noindent  The regression model predicting species-specific swimming
speed as a function of body size had a median Bayesian
R\textsuperscript{2} of 0.57 and its residual variance (\(\sigma\)) was
0.37. The average species-specific slope values varied between 0.18 and
0.97 (Figure 3, Table S2). At the individual scale, the 95\% credible
interval of swimming speed predictions varied between 28.5 and 32.4 cm
s\textsuperscript{−1} across all species and size classes. For maximum
swimming speed, our model showed an increase with body size and aspect
ratio (Table S3), with a median Bayesian R\textsuperscript{2} of 0.46.
We then used this model to estimate maximum swimming speeds (Figure 3).

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/home/nina/Documents/work/phd/activity/output/text/main_files/figure-latex/unnamed-chunk-2-1.pdf}
\caption{Figure 3. Linear regressions between
log\textsubscript{10}-transformed speed (cm s\textsuperscript{−1}) and
length (cm) for the seven studied fish species. Symbols represent the
raw data of individuals measured through stereo-video analysis. Solid
lines and shaded areas represent the predicted mean values, and
associated 95\% credible interval of swimming speeds. The dashed lines
represent the predicted maximum swimming speeds.}
\end{figure}

\hypertarget{field-metabolic-rate-factorial-aerobic-scope-and-factorial-scope-for-activity-estimations}{%
\subsubsection{Field metabolic rate, factorial aerobic scope and
factorial scope for activity
estimations}\label{field-metabolic-rate-factorial-aerobic-scope-and-factorial-scope-for-activity-estimations}}

\noindent  We estimated \(AMR_{field}\), FAS, and FSA across the size
range of our study species as observed in the monitoring dataset from
Mo'orea in 2016. Across all species and size classes, average
\(AMR_{field}\) estimates ranged between 0.001 and 1.013 g
O\textsubscript{2} d\textsuperscript{−1} at the individual level (Table
S4). FAS and FSA estimates range between 2.4 and 7.0, and between 1.2
and 3.2, respectively, across species and sizes. The scaling exponent of
\(AMR_{field}\) was higher than the SMR exponent for all species, except
for \emph{C. striatus} (Figure 4a), hence, FSA increased with size for
all those species (Figure 4b). The scaling exponent of \(AMR_{field}\)
was considerably higher than the MMR exponents for \emph{N. lituratus}
and \emph{O. niger}. \newpage

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/home/nina/Documents/work/phd/activity/output/text/main_files/figure-latex/unnamed-chunk-3-1.pdf}
\caption{Figure 4. a) Fitted scaling exponents for standard metabolic
rate (SMR), maximum metabolic rate (MMR), and field metabolic rate
(AMR\textsubscript{field}) based on slopes of the
log\textsubscript{10}-log\textsubscript{10} relationships between the
metabolic rates (g O\textsubscript{2} d\textsuperscript{−1}) and body
mass (g). Lines represent the 95\% credible interval and dots indicate
the average values. b) Predicted average factorial scope for activity
(FSA) for the seven reef fish species across their body size range.}
\end{figure}

\newpage

\hypertarget{assemblage-level-predictions}{%
\subsubsection{Assemblage-level
predictions}\label{assemblage-level-predictions}}

\noindent Scaling up SMR and \(AMR_{field}\) to the assemblage level
revealed major variation in the two estimates of metabolism, with
average SMR (± SD) for this assemblage of seven fish species across
sites (ranging between 0.026 ± 0.009 and 0.325 ± 0.021 g
O\textsubscript{2} m\textsuperscript{−2} d\textsuperscript{−1}; Figure
5) tending to be about half total \(AMR_{field}\) (ranging betwen 0.036
± 0.014 g O\textsubscript{2} m\textsuperscript{−2} d\textsuperscript{−1}
and 0.465 ± 0.07 g O\textsubscript{2} m\textsuperscript{−2}
d\textsuperscript{−1}). Spatial variation in total SMR and
\(AMR_{field}\) reflected patterns in the relative abundance of the
seven study species across sites (Figure 5, Figure S4). Afareaitu,
Maatea, Motu Ahi, Taotaha, and Tetaiuo, sites where \emph{C. argus} and
\emph{O. niger} dominated the reef fish assemblage, had a total
\(AMR_{field}\) about twice as high as the total SMR. On the contrary,
sites dominated by \emph{C. striatus} (50 to 95\% of the total reef fish
abundance) had total \(AMR_{field}\) 1.27 to 1.41 times higher than
total SMR (i.e.~Nuarei, Pihaena, Temae, and Tiahura). \newpage

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/home/nina/Documents/work/phd/activity/output/text/main_files/figure-latex/unnamed-chunk-4-1.pdf}
\caption{Figure 5. Field (AMR\textsubscript{field}) and standard
metabolic rates (SMR) of an assemblage of six reef fish species at 13
sites around Mo'orea, French Polynesia. Dashed lines represent 1.5 times
the SMR as a reference. Coloured bars display the relative abundances of
the reef fish species at each site.}
\end{figure}

\newpage

\hypertarget{discussion}{%
\subsection{Discussion}\label{discussion}}

Field metabolic rate (FMR) is an essential organismal property that
mediates elemental fluxes across the food web, thus influencing
system-wide movements of energy and nutrients. By coupling laboratory
data on metabolic rates with field observations of body size and
swimming activity through stereo-video analysis, we estimated the
activity component of FMR (the field active metabolic rate,
\(AMR_{field}\)). Further, we demonstrate that the factorial scope for
activity (FSA) of reef fish species varies substantially across species,
and that the metabolic scaling exponent of \(AMR_{field}\) can
substantially exceed the canonical value of 0.75, which also affects
community-level estimates of metabolic rate. Therefore, our results
highlight the potential pitfalls of estimating the community-level
metabolic rate of heterogeneous reef fish assemblages based on scaled-up
estimates of SMR instead of \(AMR_{field}\). We suggest that the
coupling of physiological traits with stereo-video analyses provides an
opportunity to estimate field metabolic rates of fishes in marine
environments that allow for visual assessments.

\par

The FSA can be an important parameter to predict the energy consumption
of fishes in the wild (e.g., \citet{Schiettekatte2020}). Our estimates
of FSA were comparable to previous estimates for a small fresh-water
fish, in which the FSA was obtained through a combination of
bioenergetic modeling and behavioral observations {[}\textasciitilde1.9;
\citet{Trudel1996}{]}. In contrast, several other fish species may have
a much higher \(AMR_{field}\) as locomotion has been reported to
increase metabolic rate up to five-fold, and up to nine-fold in tuna
(\emph{Thunnus albacares})\citep{Brill1991, Chabot2016}. However, it is
still challenging to quantify where \(AMR_{field}\) lies for most
species.

The varying estimates of FSA may relate to the swimming speed and the
aerobic capacity of the studied species \citep{Clark2013}. In our case
study, the two fishes with the highest FSA were \emph{O. niger} and
\emph{C. argus}, which appear to exploit about 45\% and 60\% of their
aerobic scope in their natural environment, respectively. Therefore,
\emph{C. argus} has a high FSA mostly due to its high aerobic scope,
while \emph{O. niger} has the highest FSA in our case study both because
of a high aerobic capacity and because it uses a larger proportion of it
for swimming. On the other hand, fishes with a lower FSA (i.e., \emph{C.
iomelas}, \emph{C. ornatissimus}, \emph{C. striatus}, and \emph{Z.
scopas}) were quite active, relative to their maximum swimming
capacities, and exploited more than 50\% of their aerobic scope.
However, because their aerobic scope is low, so is their FSA.

These results corroborate the notion that \(AMR_{field}\) in fishes is
strongly influenced by ecological traits, such as size, trophic level
and habitat use \citep{Brown2004, Killen2016, Nash2015}. Larger fishes
tend to have a higher aerobic capacity than smaller species
\citep{Brown2004}, and larger sizes in fishes permit the establishment
of larger home ranges \citep{Nash2015}. Furthermore, predators often
have a higher metabolic capacity, compared to herbivores, and pelagic
fishes often have higher metabolic potential than benthic fishes, as
they have high locomotory demands because of their mobility in a 3D
environment \citep{Killen2016, Nash2015}. Pairwise comparisons among our
study species (e.g., the herbivorous \emph{Z. scopas} vs.~the
carnivorous \emph{C. argus} or the benthopelagic \emph{C. striatus}
vs.~the epipelagic \emph{O. niger}) strongly support an ecological basis
for metabolic differentiation.

Beyond interspecific differences, our results suggest that
\(AMR_{field}\) scales differently with body mass compared to standard
metabolic rates (SMR) or maximum metabolic rates (MMR). The SMRs of our
study species varied predictably with body mass, in accordance with the
metabolic theory of ecology \citep{Brown2004}, with the average slope
value approximating the allometric scaling exponent of 0.75 predicted by
West et al. \citep{West1997}. In contrast, except for \emph{C.
striatus}, all species had a scaling exponent for \(AMR_{field}\), that
considerably exceeded 0.75. Consequently, the FSA was positively
correlated with body size for most species, suggesting that large
individuals of a species consume more oxygen in their natural
environment than previously assumed. For some species, such as \emph{C.
argus}, the scaling exponent of \(AMR_{field}\) is similar to that of
SMR, while for other species such as \emph{N. lituratus} and \emph{O.
niger}, the scaling exponent of \(AMR_{field}\) is much higher.
Importantly, there is a higher interspecific variability of the scaling
exponent of \(AMR_{field}\) compared to SMR and MMR. This underlines the
importance of both species identity and body size when estimating FMR.

Scaling up, community-level standard metabolic rates should vary
predictively with both community composition and intraspecific size
structure \citep{Barneche2014, Allen2005}. However, failing to account
for the increased variation in scaling exponents of field metabolic
rates may lead to severe underestimates of the contribution of large
mobile fishes to the total respiration of fish communities. Indeed,
comparing our assemblage-level estimates based on SMR with
assemblage-level estimates based on \(AMR_{field}\) reveals the
potential pitfalls of using SMR to study community-level metabolic rates
(e.g., \citet{Cheung2013}; \citet{Deutsch2015}; \citet{Holt2015}). The
ratio between community-level \(AMR_{field}\) and SMR is extremely
variable, thus suggesting that universal corrections to convert
laboratory-estimated SMR into \(AMR_{field}\) are likely unreliable. For
example, communities with a similar biomass and size structure may be
considered as having a similar metabolic rate when using SMR as a proxy.
However, if a community includes species that have a much higher
metabolic scaling exponent, the role of large individuals, and thus the
community-level metabolic rate may be underestimated severely. Thus, it
is important to consider a higher variation in metabolic scaling of FMR
than previously assumed if we want to estimate energy flow in fish
communities.

While our approach offers a novel way to estimate the activity rate and
metabolism of fishes, it comes with some limitations. First, we used
family-level maximum swimming speeds to reconstruct the relationship
between metabolic rate and swimming speed \citep{Fulton2007}. Although
we accounted for variation in body shapes, this may introduce some bias
into the calculations, as species within a family and body shape can
differ substantially. Further, our method relies on the assumption that
metabolic rate varies predictively with swimming speed following a
traditional power function \citep{Brett1964, Korsmeyer2002}. Ideally,
this relationship should be verified empirically by measuring swimming
speed and respiration rate simultaneously in the laboratory.
Furthermore, we quantified FSA assuming that fishes' spontaneous
swimming activity follows strict circadian cycles, with all activity
occurring diurnally. However, activity patterns of reef fishes are often
flexible \citep{Zhdanova2006}. While, in principle, all our studied
families are diurnally active, some species, (e.g., Serranidae) can be
nocturnally active \citep{Mourier2016}. Thus, our assumption can cause
potential underestimates of FSA in \emph{C. argus} and other species
with more flexible circadian activity patterns. Currently, stereo-video
recordings are unable to quantify fish swimming speeds at night, as
measurements are inaccurate and imprecise in darkness and poor
visibility \citep{Neuswanger2016}. However, infrared lighting in
stereo-video recordings could provide a solution to observe nocturnal
behavior and movement in fishes \citep{Bassett2011}.

\par

Finally, while \(AMR_{field}\) than SMR or routine metabolic rate (the
average laboratory-estimated metabolic rate of fish kept in respirometry
chambers, which includes spontaneous activity; \citet{Norin2020}, it
still doesn not include all energy expenditure of fishes in the wild,
such as reproduction and digestion. Digestion (often expressed as
specific dynamic action; SDA) can be a large component of the energy
budget of fishes (e.g., \textasciitilde17\% of SMR; \citet{Holt2015}).
SDA can be measured in the laboratory, where a fish is given a meal and
the oxygen consumption is measured for the duration of the digestion of
this meal. SDA relates predictively to both meal size and body mass of a
fish \citep{Secor2009}, but using this relationship to calculate SDA of
species in natural communities is not feasible. It is nearly impossible
to track frequency of meals and meal sizes of fishes in the wild, even
though some bioenergetic modeling allows for an approximation of
consumption rates (e.g., \citet{Schiettekatte2020}). Further, these
experiments are largely based on predatory fishes, and do not
necessarily represent natural feeding behavior as many fishes do not
consume and digest a meal before eating the next meal. Notably,
herbivores and detritivores, but also planktivores, feed constantly, and
their energy expenditure related to digestion is understudied.
Therefore, we stress the need for more research on the energy
consumption of digestion across a wide range of fishes to achieve
improved FMR approximations for fish communities in the wild.

Despite these limitations, our proposed method increases our awareness
of the variation in \(AMR_{field}\) among reef fishes, which is
necessary to understand ecosystem-level estimates of elemental fluxes.
So far, the quantification of \(AMR_{field}\) is limited to laboratory
techniques that are reliant on destructive sampling {[}analysis of trace
elements in otoliths; \citet{Chung2019}{]}, or restricted to species
that are big enough to be tagged with biotelemetry equipment
\citep{Treberg2016, Brodie2016}. When combined with respirometry trials,
stereo-video offers a nondestructive alternative to these techniques
that can be applied to all species that can be reliably observed using
\emph{in situ} cameras. While the post-hoc treatment of the stereo-video
outputs demands significant time and effort, the development of open
source software to automate data collection from video will greatly
strengthen our ability and non-destructive approach to quantifying reef
fish \(AMR_{field}\) \citep{Bassett2011, Guenard2008}.

\hypertarget{acknowledgements}{%
\subsection{Acknowledgements}\label{acknowledgements}}

We thank the staff at CRIOBE, Moorea for field support. Further we would
like to express gratitude to Camille Gache and Yann Lacube for their
help in the field. Finally, we thank CRIOBE for sharing UVC data from
their long-term monitoring program.

\hypertarget{funding}{%
\subsection{Funding}\label{funding}}

This work was supported by the BNP Paribas Foundation as a part of the
ReefServices project and the Agence National de la Recherche (REEFLUX,
ANR-17-CE32-0006). TN was supported by funding from the Danish Council
for Independent Research (DFF-4181-00297) and the European Union's
Horizon 2020 research and innovation program under the Marie
Skłodowska-Curie grant agreement No.~713683.

\hypertarget{author-contributions}{%
\subsection{Author contributions}\label{author-contributions}}

NMDS conceived the idea and FC, NMDS, and VP designed methodology; BF
and NMDS recorded \emph{in situ} stereo-videos; FC performed video
analysis; AM and NMDS collected fishes and AM performed respirometry
experiments; CJF collected data on maximum swimming speed; FC and NMDS
analysed the data and led the writing of the manuscript. All authors
contributed significantly to the drafts and approved the final version
for publication.

\hypertarget{supporting-information}{%
\subsection{Supporting information}\label{supporting-information}}

\begin{figure}
\includegraphics[width=33.33in]{../output/plots/annex_measurementcor} \caption{Figure S1. Linear regressions between the error (cm) in measurements collected by video analysis and the distance (cm) from the nearest camera for both underwater stereo-video systems. Each color represents an underwater stereo-camera system used in this study. Shaded areas show the linear regression standard errors.}\label{fig:unnamed-chunk-5}
\end{figure}

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{1.64in}|p{1.23in}|p{1.23in}}

\caption{Table S2: Overview of species-specific slope and intercept coefficients for the regression of natural log-transformed swimming speed on natural log-transformed body length (in cm). The 95% credible interval is displayed in the parentheses.}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{species}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{slope}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{intercept}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-3}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{species}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{slope}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{intercept}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-3}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.14\ (-0.37;0.62)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.21\ (0.53;1.88)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.92\ (0.05;2.08)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.43\ (-0.79;1.36)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chlorurus\ spilurus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.01\ (0.66;1.38)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.28\ (-0.21;0.75)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.26\ (-0.14;0.73)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.09\ (0.55;1.54)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.06\ (0.28;2.28)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.09\ (-1.48;1.11)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.71\ (0.11;1.22)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.72\ (0.08;1.46)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.86\ (0.61;1.08)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.23in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.42\ (0.16;0.69)}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-3}



\end{longtable}
\newpage

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{1.17in}|p{1.28in}|p{1.38in}|p{1.19in}|p{1.19in}}

\caption{Table S3: Overview of regression parameters of log10-transformed maximum swimming speed as function of log10-transformed body length (in cm), aspect ratio, and with varying intercepts and slopes per interaction of family and body shape.}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{family}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{body\_shape}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{slope\_loglength}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{slope\_ar}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{intercept}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-5}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{family}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{body\_shape}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{slope\_loglength}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{slope\_ar}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{10}{10}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{intercept}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-5}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{fusiform/normal}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.28\ (-0.26;0.86)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.09\ (0.05;0.14)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.2\ (0.57;1.84)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{short\ and/or\ deep}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.53\ (0.24;0.86)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.09\ (0.05;0.14)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.01\ (0.63;1.33)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{short\ and/or\ deep}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.32\ (-0.19;0.91)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.09\ (0.05;0.14)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.17\ (0.5;1.76)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{short\ and/or\ deep}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.43\ (0.07;0.8)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.09\ (0.05;0.14)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.13\ (0.76;1.47)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{fusiform/normal}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.22\ (-0.22;0.71)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.09\ (0.05;0.14)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.22\ (0.64;1.76)}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-5}



\end{longtable}
\newpage     
\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{1.17in}|p{1.64in}|p{0.64in}|p{0.60in}|p{0.60in}|p{0.60in}|p{0.60in}|p{0.60in}}

\caption{Table S4: Overview of average species- and size-specific estimates of standard metabolic rate (SMR, in g O~2~ d^−1^), maximum metabolic rate (MMR, in g O~2~ d^−1^), field active metabolic rate (AMR~field~, in g O~2~ d^−1^), factorial aerobic scope (FAS), and factorial scope for activity (FSA). Length is expressed in cm.}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Family}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Species}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{length}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{SMR}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{MMR}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{FMR}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{FAS}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{FSA}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-8}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Family}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Species}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{length}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{SMR}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{MMR}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{FMR}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{FAS}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{FSA}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-8}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{10}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.044}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.111}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.065}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.542}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.248}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{11}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.054}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.138}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.080}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.550}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.241}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{12}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.066}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.168}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.097}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.555}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.235}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{13}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.079}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.202}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.115}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.562}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.229}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.094}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.239}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.136}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.568}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.224}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.109}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.280}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.157}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.571}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.219}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.127}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.325}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.181}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.573}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.215}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.145}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.373}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.207}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.583}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.211}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.165}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.425}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.234}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.589}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.207}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.187}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.481}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.263}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.589}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.204}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{20}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.210}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.541}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.294}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.593}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.201}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{21}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.234}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.606}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.327}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.603}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.199}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{22}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.260}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.674}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.362}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.608}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.196}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{23}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.287}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.746}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.399}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.605}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.194}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Ctenochaetus\ striatus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{24}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.316}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.823}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.438}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.612}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.192}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.127}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.576}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.204}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.591}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.302}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.144}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.657}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.235}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.647}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.316}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.161}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.744}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.269}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.683}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.331}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{20}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.180}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.836}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.306}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.710}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.347}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{21}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.200}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.932}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.346}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.763}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.363}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{22}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.222}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.039}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.389}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.797}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.378}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{23}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.244}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.150}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.435}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.829}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.393}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{24}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.267}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.268}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.485}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.858}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.408}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{25}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.292}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.393}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.538}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.890}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.423}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{26}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.317}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.525}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.595}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.921}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.438}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{27}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.344}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.663}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.655}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.962}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.453}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{28}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.372}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.805}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.721}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.989}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.470}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{29}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.401}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.959}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.789}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.023}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.484}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Naso\ lituratus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{30}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.431}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.120}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.861}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.058}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.499}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.022}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.055}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.030}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.479}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.176}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.029}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.072}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.039}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.528}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.189}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{10}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.036}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.092}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.050}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.582}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.202}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{11}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.043}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.114}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.062}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.630}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.214}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{12}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.052}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.139}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.076}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.675}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.226}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{13}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.062}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.167}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.091}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.717}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.237}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.072}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.198}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.108}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.755}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.249}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.083}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.232}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.126}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.792}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.260}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.095}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.269}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.147}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.829}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.270}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.108}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.309}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.169}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.859}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.281}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Acanthuridae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Zebrasoma\ scopas}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.122}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.352}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.193}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.889}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.291}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{10}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.029}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.174}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.083}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.922}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.905}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{11}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.036}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.217}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.106}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.061}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.977}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{12}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.043}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.265}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.133}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.164}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.048}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{13}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.051}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.317}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.164}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.295}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.113}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.059}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.376}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.200}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.422}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.185}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.068}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.439}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.240}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.502}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.250}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.078}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.509}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.285}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.589}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.321}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.088}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.585}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.335}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.650}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.388}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.099}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.667}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.391}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.729}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.459}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.111}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.754}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.452}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.812}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.526}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{20}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.123}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.846}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.520}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.902}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.599}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{21}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.136}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.944}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.595}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.974}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.672}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{22}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.149}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.050}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.674}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{7.058}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.736}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{23}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.164}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.163}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.763}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{7.143}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.809}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{24}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.179}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.279}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.858}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{7.211}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.875}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{25}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.194}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.404}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.961}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{7.270}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.942}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Balistidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Odonus\ niger}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{26}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.211}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.534}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.074}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{7.342}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.019}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.027}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.079}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.039}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.965}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.231}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{10}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.033}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.102}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.050}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.039}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.255}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{11}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.041}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.127}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.064}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.101}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.281}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{12}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.049}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.155}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.078}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.160}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.304}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{13}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.058}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.186}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.095}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.214}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.325}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.068}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.221}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.114}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.268}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.347}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.078}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.260}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.135}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.325}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.369}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.090}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.301}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.159}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.377}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.391}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.102}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.346}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.185}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.418}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.414}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.114}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.395}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.213}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.456}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.436}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chaetodontidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Chaetodon\ ornatissimus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.128}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.448}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.244}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.503}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.456}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{12}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.028}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.142}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.074}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.104}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.841}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{13}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.033}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.171}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.088}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.207}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.851}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.038}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.204}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.104}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.326}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.861}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.044}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.239}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.120}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.433}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.869}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.050}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.279}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.138}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.534}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.880}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.057}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.322}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.158}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.641}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.884}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.064}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.368}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.179}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.752}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.892}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.072}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.418}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.201}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.839}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.898}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{20}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.080}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.472}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.224}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.919}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.904}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{21}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.088}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.529}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.250}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.007}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.910}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{22}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.098}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.590}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.276}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.087}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.912}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{23}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.107}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.655}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.304}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.157}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.919}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{24}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.117}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.726}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.333}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.224}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.924}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{25}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.127}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.801}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.363}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.304}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.927}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{26}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.138}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.878}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.394}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.379}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.928}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{27}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.149}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.962}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.427}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.449}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.929}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{28}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.160}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.046}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.461}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.512}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.931}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{29}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.172}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.137}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.497}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.558}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.934}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{30}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.185}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.233}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.535}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.628}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.938}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{31}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.198}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.332}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.572}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.694}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.938}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{32}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.211}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.434}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.613}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.764}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.941}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{33}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.225}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.542}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.654}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.833}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.942}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{34}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.240}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.655}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.697}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.880}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.946}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{35}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.254}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.770}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.743}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.943}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.950}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{36}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.269}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.892}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.791}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{7.006}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.955}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Serranidae}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textit{Cephalopholis\ argus}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{37}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.285}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.018}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.839}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{7.065}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.6in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.959}}}} \\

\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{2pt}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\cline{1-8}



\end{longtable}
\newpage
\begin{figure}
\includegraphics[width=41.67in]{../output/plots/community_plot_abundance} \caption{Figure S5. Fish abundance (m^-2^) of the studied sites. Each colour represents the abundance of a specific studied reef fish species.}\label{fig:unnamed-chunk-9}
\end{figure}

\newpage

\hypertarget{references}{%
\subsection{References}\label{references}}

  \bibliography{../text/activity.bib}

\end{document}
